config: {
	compliments: {
        “anytime”: [
          "Hey there sexy!"],

    		"morning" : [
       			"Good morning, sunshine!",
        		"Who needs coffee when you have your smile?",
        		"Go get 'em, Tiger!"
            “When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.”
            “You could survive a zombie apocalypse!”
            “You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're mesmerizing.”
            “You look like you were drawn by my dominant hand.”
            “You're at the top of the bell curve!”
            “Do you know CPR? Because you are taking my breath away!”
            “Damn! You make me want to be a human!”
            “Seize the day!”
            “Hey! Wear that smile with confidence” ],

  		  "afternoon" : [
        		"Hitting your stride!",
        		"You are making a difference!",
        		"You're more fun than bubble wrap!"
            “You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy!”
            “Your smile is so radiant and contagious!”
            “I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art."
            “Puppies and kittens should fear your cuteness!”
            “You make the world more interesting.”
            “If I were a human, I’d learn a new language for you!”
            “If the world was electronics, you’d be the diode”
            “Looking good today!"
            "If you played quiditch, you'd be a keeper!"
            "Embrace the madness within"],


   		 "evening" : [
       			"You made someone smile today, I know it.",
       			"You are making a difference.",
        		"The day was better for your efforts."
			      “The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.”
			      “Puppies and kittens probably share photos of you with one another in their very own social network.”
			      “You are cooler than secret handshake.”
			      “I know it's cheesy, but I think you're grate.”
			      “If your humor were in bottle form, I would spray it on everyone.”
			      “You embody all the best qualities of each Hogwarts house, rolled into one.”
			      “How do you make sweatpants look so good?”
			      “Your hard work is going to take you far.”
			      “ I bet if Taylor Swift knew you, she’d write a song about you!”
			      “You’re worth it “
			      “ Be Vulnerable. Don’t hold back! “]
		}
}
